CRUS_Spirit_A1
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_pilot_seat                              S0                                                     CRUS_Spirit_Seat_Pilot                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pilot_seat_access                       S0                                                     CRUS_Spirit_Seat_Access_Pilot                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pilot_dashboard                         S0                                                     CRUS_Spirit_Pilot_Dashboard                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S1   Display                                           CRUS_Spirit_RADR_Display                                         UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S0                                                     CRUS_Spirit_RADR_Display                                         DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_copilot_seat                            S0                                                     CRUS_Spirit_Seat_Copilot                                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_copilot_seat_access                     S0                                                     CRUS_Spirit_Seat_Access_Copilot                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_copilot_dashboard                       S0                                                     CRUS_Spirit_Copilot_Dashboard                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_CRUS_Spirit_A1                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile_Spirit_A1                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_scanner                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_CRUS_Spirit                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon_copilot               S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Turret_CRUS_Spirit                               Weapon hardpoints                       
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler                                  S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S02_Boreal_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_fuel                                    S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_CRUS_Spirit                                                 Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_power_plant                             S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AMRS_S02_UltraFlux_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S2   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_WETK_S02_Yeager_SCItem                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S2   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel                            S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_Crus_Spirit                                                 Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S02_FullStop_SCItem                                    Shield generators                       
hardpoint_radar                                   S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_intake_left                             S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_CRUS_Spirit                                                 Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_intake_right                            S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_CRUS_Spirit                                                 Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_left            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            CRUS_Spirit_CML_Flare                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_right           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            CRUS_Spirit_CML_Chaff                                            Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_turret_rear                             S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 turret_right                                     S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_nose                             S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_left                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_right                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_wing_left                        S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_wing_right                       S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missiles_wing_left                      S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_BEHR_Dual_S03                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missiles_wing_right                     S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_BEHR_Dual_S03                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_bomb_system                             S5   BombLauncher.BombRack                             BMBRCK_CRUS_Spirit_A1                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_01_attach                                S5   Bomb.UNDEFINED                                    BOMB_S05_FSKI                                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_02_attach                                S5   Bomb.UNDEFINED                                    BOMB_S05_FSKI                                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_03_attach                                S5   Bomb.UNDEFINED                                    BOMB_S05_FSKI                                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_04_attach                                S5   Bomb.UNDEFINED                                    BOMB_S05_FSKI                                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_05_attach                                S5   Bomb.UNDEFINED                                    BOMB_S05_FSKI                                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_06_attach                                S5   Bomb.UNDEFINED                                    BOMB_S05_FSKI                                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_07_attach                                S5   Bomb.UNDEFINED                                    BOMB_S05_FSKI                                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_08_attach                                S5   Bomb.UNDEFINED                                    BOMB_S05_FSKI                                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_09_attach                                S5   Bomb.UNDEFINED                                    BOMB_S05_FSKI                                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_10_attach                                S5   Bomb.UNDEFINED                                    BOMB_S05_FSKI                                                    UNKNOWN                                 
 missile_01_attach                                S5                                                     BOMB_S05_FSKI                                                    DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S5                                                     BOMB_S05_FSKI                                                    DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S5                                                     BOMB_S05_FSKI                                                    DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S5                                                     BOMB_S05_FSKI                                                    DISABLED                                
 missile_05_attach                                S5                                                     BOMB_S05_FSKI                                                    DISABLED                                
 missile_06_attach                                S5                                                     BOMB_S05_FSKI                                                    DISABLED                                
 missile_07_attach                                S5                                                     BOMB_S05_FSKI                                                    DISABLED                                
 missile_08_attach                                S5                                                     BOMB_S05_FSKI                                                    DISABLED                                
 missile_09_attach                                S5                                                     BOMB_S05_FSKI                                                    DISABLED                                
 missile_10_attach                                S5                                                     BOMB_S05_FSKI                                                    DISABLED                                
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_CRUS_Spirit                                                 Armor                                   
hardpoint_extinguisher_front                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_extinguisher_rear                       S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ramp                                    S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    CRUS_Spirit_Ramp                                                 Doors                                   
hardpoint_personal_storage_left                   S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   PersonalStorage_CRUS_Spirit_Left                                 Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_personal_storage_right                  S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   PersonalStorage_CRUS_Spirit_Right                                Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_weapon_rack                             S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_CRUS_Spirit                                          Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S2   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S2   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_01                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_02                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_03                                    S1   WeaponPersonal.Small                                                                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_thruster_rear_side_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_side_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_aux_rear_left             S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_VTOL_Aux                                    VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_aux_rear_right            S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_VTOL_Aux                                    VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_front_bottom_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_bottom_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_side_left                S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_side_right               S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_top_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_top_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_aux_front_left            S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_VTOL_Aux                                    VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_aux_front_right           S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_VTOL_Aux                                    VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_01_left                   S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Main_A                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_02_left                   S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Main_A                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_03_left                   S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Main_A                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_04_left                   S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Main_A                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_rear_bottom_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_top_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Retro                                       Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_main_left                 S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_VTOL_Main                                   VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_01_right                  S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Main_A                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_02_right                  S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Main_A                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_03_right                  S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Main_A                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_04_right                  S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Main_A                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_rear_bottom_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_top_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Mav                                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Retro                                       Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_main_right                S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_VTOL_Main                                   VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_CRUS_Spirit                               UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     CRUS_Spirit_ShipATCDataManager                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_self_destruct                           S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_45s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_turret_rear_radar                       S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_left                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cargogrid_right                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_body                                    S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    CRUS_Spirit_A1_Exterior                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_nose                                    S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    CRUS_Spirit_A1_Exterior_Nose                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_blankingplate                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_thruster_main_backplate_left            S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Main_B                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_backplate_right           S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Spirit_Thruster_Main_B                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_fuel_port_ground                        S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_CRUS_Spirit_Fuelport                          Doors                                   
hardpoint_fakedoortoggle                          S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                

