MISC_Fury_LX
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_selfDestruct                    S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_20s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_MISC_Fury                                                   Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_MISC_Fury_LX                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_scanner                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_MISC_Fury                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     MISC_Fury_SeatAccess                                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     MISC_Fury_LX_SCItem_SeatDashboard                                UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S1   Display                                                                                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_btn_cover                              S0   Misc                                              MISC_Fury_ButtonCover                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_btn_cover                              S0                                                     MISC_Fury_ButtonCover                                            DISABLED                                
radar_helper                                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_ACOM_S01_IcePlunge_SCItem                                   Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_ACOM_S01_IcePlunge_SCItem                                   Coolers                                 
hardpoint_fuel_tank                               S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_MISC_Fury_LX                                                Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake                             S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_MISC_Fury_LX                                                Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_power_plant                             S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_JUST_S01_Roughneck_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S1   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_YORM_S01_Falco_SCItem                                       Shield generators                       
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_lifesupport                             S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_avionics                                S1                                                     COMP_BEHR_S01_CSR-RP                                             DISABLED                                
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_thruster_front_bottom_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_LX_Thruster_FixedMav_Bottom                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_bottom_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_LX_Thruster_FixedMav_Bottom                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_side_left                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_LX_Thruster_FixedMav                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_side_right               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_LX_Thruster_FixedMav                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_top_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_LX_Thruster_FixedMav_Top                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_top_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_LX_Thruster_FixedMav_Top                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_bottom_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_LX_Thruster_FixedMav_Bottom                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_bottom_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_LX_Thruster_FixedMav_Bottom                            Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_side_left                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_LX_Thruster_FixedMav                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_side_right                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_LX_Thruster_FixedMav                                   Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_top_left                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_LX_Thruster_FixedMav_Top                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_top_right                 S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_LX_Thruster_FixedMav_Top                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_main_top_left                  S1   MainThruster.JointThruster                        MISC_Fury_Thruster_Main_LX                                       Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_top_right                 S1   MainThruster.JointThruster                        MISC_Fury_Thruster_Main_LX                                       Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_bottom_left               S1   MainThruster.JointThruster                        MISC_Fury_Thruster_Main_Bottom_LX                                Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_bottom_right              S1   MainThruster.JointThruster                        MISC_Fury_Thruster_Main_Bottom_LX                                Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_mid_top_left                   S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_LX_Thruster_FixedMav_Left                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mid_top_right                  S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_LX_Thruster_FixedMav_Right                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mid_bottom_left                S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_LX_Thruster_FixedMav_Right                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mid_bottom_right               S1   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   MISC_Fury_LX_Thruster_FixedMav_Left                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_countermeasures_left                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            MISC_Fury_CML_Flare                                              Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_right                   S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            MISC_Fury_CML_Chaff                                              Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_personal_inv                            S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   PersonalStorage_MISC_Fury_LX                                     Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_MISC_Fury                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     MISC_Fury_ShipATCDataManager                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_geo_canopy_side                         S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    MISC_Fury_Canopy_Base                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_door_front                              S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                

