AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_door_rear                               S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite                         Doors                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     AEGS_Vanguard_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     AEGS_Vanguard_SCItem_SeatAccess                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     AEGS_Vanguard_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                             UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S1   Display                                           AEGS_Vanguard_RADR_Display                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Radar_Helper                                     S0                                                     AEGS_Vanguard_RADR_Display                                       DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_30s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_turret                            S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                     test_scanner                                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S2                                                     test_ping_S2                                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant_middle                       S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S02_Maelstrom_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_powerplant_rear                         S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S02_Maelstrom_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite                                       Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite                                       Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite                                       Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite                                       Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S02_Arctic_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S02_Arctic_SCItem                                      Coolers                                 
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S2   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_WETK_S02_Crossfield_SCItem                                  UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S2   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S2   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite                                       Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_AEGS_Vanguard                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_001                    S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S02_FullStop_SCItem                                    Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_002                    S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S02_FullStop_SCItem                                    Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armour                                  S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite                                       Armor                                   
hardpoint_engine_left                             S4   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite_Thruster_Main_01                           Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_right                            S4   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite_Thruster_Main_01                           Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_middle_left                      S4   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite_Thruster_Main_02                           Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_middle_right                     S4   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite_Thruster_Main_02                           Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S3   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite_Thruster_Retro                             Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S3   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite_Thruster_Retro                             Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_top_FL                         S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite_Thruster_Mav_Joint                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_FR                         S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite_Thruster_Mav_Joint                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_FL                      S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite_Thruster_Mav_Joint                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_FR                      S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite_Thruster_Mav_Joint                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_RL                         S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite_Thruster_Mav_Joint                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_top_RR                         S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite_Thruster_Mav_Joint                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_RL                        S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite_Thruster_Mav_Joint                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_side_RR                        S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite_Thruster_Mav_Joint                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_RL                      S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite_Thruster_Mav_Joint                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_bottom_RR                      S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite_Thruster_Mav_Joint                         Maneuvering thrusters                   
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_gun_nose                         S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_gun_nose_fixed_001               S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_gun_nose_fixed_002               S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_gun_nose_fixed_003               S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_gun_nose_fixed_004               S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_turret_seataccess                       S0                                                     AEGS_Vanguard_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret                                  S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 turret_right                                     S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_baydoor                                 S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    AEGS_Vanguard_Baydoor                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_left_inner           S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S04_AEGS_Vanguard                                           Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_IR_FSKI_Ignite                                          DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_missilerack_right_inner          S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     MRCK_S04_AEGS_Vanguard                                           Weapon hardpoints                       
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       Missiles                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       Missiles                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       DISABLED                                
 missile_03_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       DISABLED                                
 missile_04_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_EM_TALN_Dominator                                       DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_left            S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Eclipse_CML_Flare                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasure_launcher_right           S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Eclipse_CML_Chaff                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_weapon_locker_hoplite                   S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_Aegs_10_slot                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_02                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_03                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_04                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_05                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_06                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_07                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_08                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_09                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_10                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite                     UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     AEGS_Vanguard_Hoplite_ShipATCDataManager                         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                

