CRUS_Star_Runner_FW22NFZ
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_CRUS_Star_Runner                                            Armor                                   
hardpoint_self_destruct                           S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_60s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_CRUS_Star_Runner                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_scanner                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_CRUS_Star_Runner                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JUST_S02_CoolCore_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JUST_S02_CoolCore_SCItem                                    Coolers                                 
hardpoint_countermeasures_left                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            CRUS_CML_Decoy_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_right                   S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            CRUS_CML_Noise_Small                                             Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_CRUS_Star_Runner                                            Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_CRUS_Star_Runner                                            Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_left                          S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_CRUS_Star_Runner                                            Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_right                         S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_CRUS_Star_Runner                                            Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_power_plant_left                        S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_JUST_S02_Diligence_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_power_plant_right                       S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_JUST_S02_Diligence_SCItem                                   Power plants                            
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S2   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_JUST_S02_Bolon_SCItem                                       UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S2   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank_left                  S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_CRUS_Star_Runner                                            Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank_right                 S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_CRUS_Star_Runner                                            Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_turret_bottom_seat                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access_turret_bottom               S0                                                     CRUS_Star_Runner_SeatAccess_Turret_Bottom                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon_turret_bottom         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_radar_turret_bottom                     S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_top_seat                         S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access_turret_top                  S0                                                     CRUS_Star_Runner_SeatAccess_Turret_Top                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon_turret_top            S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_radar_turret_top                        S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_copilot                            S0                                                     CRUS_Star_Runner_Seat_CoPilot                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_copilot                     S0                                                     CRUS_Star_Runner_SeatAccess_Copilot                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_copilot                       S0                                                     CRUS_Star_Runner_Dashboard_Pilot_Right                           UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           ANVL_Arrow_RADR_Display                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     ANVL_Arrow_RADR_Display                                          DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     CRUS_Star_Runner_Seat_Pilot                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_pilot                       S0                                                     CRUS_Star_Runner_SeatAccess_Pilot                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     CRUS_Star_Runner_Dashboard_Pilot                                 UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           ANVL_Arrow_RADR_Display                                          UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     ANVL_Arrow_RADR_Display                                          DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_radar_pilot                             S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_copilot                           S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_left                   S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S02_Aspis_SCItem                                       Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_right                  S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BASL_S02_Aspis_SCItem                                       Shield generators                       
hardpoint_thruster_main_left                      S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Star_Runner_Thruster_Main                                   Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_right                     S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Star_Runner_Thruster_Main                                   Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_extra_left                S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Star_Runner_Thruster_Main_Extra                             Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_main_extra_right               S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            CRUS_Star_Runner_Thruster_Main_Extra                             Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_retro_left                     S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Star_Runner_Thruster_Retro                                  Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_retro_right                    S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Star_Runner_Thruster_Retro                                  Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_side_left            S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Star_Runner_Thruster_Mav                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_side_right           S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Star_Runner_Thruster_Mav                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_top_left             S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Star_Runner_Thruster_Mav                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_front_top_right            S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Star_Runner_Thruster_Mav                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_side_left             S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Star_Runner_Thruster_Mav                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_side_right            S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Star_Runner_Thruster_Mav                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_top_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Star_Runner_Thruster_Mav                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_rear_top_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Star_Runner_Thruster_Mav                                    Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rear_bottom_left          S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Star_Runner_Thruster_VTOL                                   VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_front_bottom_left         S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Star_Runner_Thruster_VTOL                                   VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_rear_bottom_right         S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Star_Runner_Thruster_VTOL                                   VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_thruster_vtol_front_bottom_right        S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       CRUS_Star_Runner_Thruster_VTOL                                   VTOL thrusters                          
hardpoint_front_turret                            S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_left                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_right                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_left_02                     S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Single_S03                                         Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_left_01                     S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Dual_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_right_02                    S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Single_S03                                         Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missilerack_right_01                    S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_BEHR_Dual_S02                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_door_rear_ramp                          S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_CRUS_Star_Runner_Rear_Ramp                    Doors                                   
hardpoint_cargo_large                             S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               CRUS_Star_Runner_CargoGrid_Large                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargo_small                             S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               CRUS_Star_Runner_CargoGrid_Small                                 UNKNOWN                                 
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanning_station                        S0                                                     CRUS_Star_Runner_Seat_Scanning                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seataccess_scanning_station             S0                                                     CRUS_Star_Runner_SeatAccess_Scanning                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_scanning                          S2                                                     RADR_CHCO_S02_Surveyor                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner_dish                            S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    CRUS_Star_Runner_Scanner_Dish                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_bed_01                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_bed_02                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_bed_03                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_bed_04                                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Turret_S2                                        Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_CRUS_Starrunner                           UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     CRUS_Starrunner_ShipATCDataManager                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weaponrack_cockpit_1                    S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Ballista_2_Slots                                Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_02                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weaponrack_cockpit_2                    S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_ANVL_Ballista_2_Slots                                Weapon hardpoints                       
 $proxy_weapon_01                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $proxy_weapon_02                                 S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 

