DRAK_Corsair_Unmanned_Salvage
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_DRAK_Corsair                                                Armor                                   
hardpoint_cockpit_selfdestruct                    S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_45s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_DRAK_Corsair                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_DRAK_Corsair                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon_co_pilot              S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile                                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     DRAK_Corsair_ShipATCDataManager                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_ping                                    S2                                                     test_ping_S2                                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                     test_scanner                                                     DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ground_refueling_port                   S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Corsair_Ground_Refueling_Port                               Doors                                   
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_DRAK_Corsair                                                Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_DRAK_Corsair                                                Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_DRAK_Corsair                              UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_tank_a                             S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_DRAK_Corsair                                                Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_b                             S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_DRAK_Corsair                                                Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_power_plant_a                           S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_SASU_S02_DayBreak_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_power_plant_b                           S2   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_SASU_S02_DayBreak_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_cooler_a                                S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JSPN_S02_FrostStarEX_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_b                                S2   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_JSPN_S02_FrostStarEX_SCItem                                 Coolers                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator_a                      S3   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_BEHR_S03_5CA_SCItem                                         Shield generators                       
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S2   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_ARCC_S02_Torrent_SCItem                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S2   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank_a                     S2   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_DRAK_Corsair                                                Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank_b                     S2   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_DRAK_Corsair                                                Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool_turrets               S2   WeaponGun.Gun                                     WeaponRegenPool_Turret_S2                                        Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_radar_turret_left                       S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_manned_turret_left                      S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_manned_turret_door_left                 S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_manned_turret_airlock_left              S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_seataccess_turret_left                  S0                                                     DRAK_Corsair_SeatAccess_Turret_Left                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_turret_right                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_manned_turret_right                     S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_manned_turret_door_right                S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_manned_turret_airlock_right             S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
hardpoint_seataccess_turret_right                 S0                                                     DRAK_Corsair_SeatAccess_Turret_Right                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cockpit_flair_hang                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_radar                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_pilot_seat                              S0                                                     DRAK_Corsair_Seat_Pilot                                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pilot_seataccess                        S0                                                     DRAK_Corsair_SeatAccess_Pilot                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_pilot_dashboard                         S0                                                     DRAK_Corsair_Dashboard_Pilot                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_radar_co_pilot                          S2                                                     RADR_WLOP_S02_Chernykh                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_co_pilot_seat                           S0                                                     DRAK_Corsair_Seat_Copilot                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_co_pilot_seataccess                     S0                                                     DRAK_Corsair_SeatAccess_Copilot                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_co_pilot_dashboard                      S0                                                     DRAK_Corsair_Dashboard_Copilot                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_main_thruster_a_left                    S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Main_A                                     Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_main_thruster_b_left                    S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Aux_B                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_main_thruster_c_left                    S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Aux_C                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_main_thruster_a_right                   S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Main_A                                     Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_main_thruster_b_right                   S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Aux_B                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_main_thruster_c_right                   S1   MainThruster.UNDEFINED                            DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Aux_C                                      Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_retro_thruster_a_left                   S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Retro_A                                    Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_thruster_b_left                   S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Retro_B                                    Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_thruster_c_left                   S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Retro_C                                    Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_thruster_a_right                  S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Retro_A                                    Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_thruster_b_right                  S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Retro_B                                    Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_thruster_c_right                  S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Retro_C                                    Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_mav_nose_left_bottom           S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_nose_left_bottom_side      S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_nose_left_top              S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav_Up                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_nose_left_top_side         S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_nose_right_bottom          S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_nose_right_bottom_side     S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_nose_right_top             S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_nose_right_top_side        S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_body_left_bottom           S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_body_left_bottom_side      S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_body_left_top              S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav_Up                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_body_left_top_side         S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_body_right_bottom          S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_body_right_bottom_side     S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_body_right_top             S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav_Up                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_body_right_top_side        S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_tail_left_bottom           S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_tail_left_bottom_side      S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_tail_left_top              S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav_Up                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_tail_left_top_side         S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_tail_right_bottom          S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_tail_right_bottom_side     S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_tail_right_top             S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav_Up                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_tail_right_top_side        S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav                                        Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_nacelle_right_top          S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav_Up                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_nacelle_right_bottom       S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_nacelle_left_top           S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav_Up                                     Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_mav_nacelle_left_bottom        S1   ManneuverThruster.UNDEFINED                       DRAK_Corsair_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_cm_launcher_left                        S2   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            DRAK_Corsair_CML_Decoy                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_cm_launcher_right                       S2   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            DRAK_Corsair_CML_Chaff                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_cheek_weapon_left                       S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_cheek_weapon_right                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_chin_weapon_right                       S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_chin_weapon_left                        S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_wing_bottom                      S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_wing_top                         S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_class_2                                S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_tail_turret                             S0   TurretBase.MannedTurret                                                                                            Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
  hardpoint_class_2                               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_wing_right_missile_mount_a              S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_BEHR_Dual_S03                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_wing_right_missile_mount_b              S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_BEHR_Dual_S03                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_wing_right_missile_mount_c              S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_BEHR_Dual_S03                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_wing_right_missile_mount_d              S4   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S04_BEHR_Dual_S03                                           Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S3                                                     MISL_S03_CS_FSKI_Arrester                                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ramp                                    S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Corsair_Door_Ramp                                           Doors                                   
hardpoint_elevator_door_ext_lower                 S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Corsair_Elevator_Door_Ext_Lower                             Doors                                   
hardpoint_elevator_door_ext_upper                 S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Corsair_Elevator_Door_Ext_Upper                             Doors                                   
hardpoint_docking_collar                          S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Corsair_Docking_Collar                                      Doors                                   
hardpoint_cargo_grid                              S1   CargoGrid.UNDEFINED                               DRAK_Corsair_CargoGrid_Main                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_03                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_DRAK_Corsair                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_01                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_02                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_03                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_02                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_DRAK_Corsair                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_01                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_02                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_03                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_01                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_DRAK_Corsair                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_rifle_02                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_01                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_02                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_pistol_03                                    S1   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_special                     S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_DRAK_Corsair_LargeWeapons                            Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_launcher_01                                  S5   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
 $IP_launcher_02                                  S5   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_personal_storage_01                     S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   PersonalStorage_DRAK_Corsair                                     Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_personal_storage_02                     S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   PersonalStorage_DRAK_Corsair                                     Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_personal_storage_03                     S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   PersonalStorage_DRAK_Corsair                                     Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_personal_storage_04                     S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   PersonalStorage_DRAK_Corsair                                     Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_fire_extinguisher_cockpit               S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fire_extinguisher_messhall              S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fire_extinguisher_engineering           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_fire_extinguisher_hold                  S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_portal2_trigger                         S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    DRAK_Corsair_Door_Ramp_Portal2_Trigger                           Doors                                   

