XNAA_SanTokYai
hardpoint_paint                                   S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_access                             S0                                                     XNAA_SanTokYai_SeatAccess_Pilot                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     XNAA_SanTokYai_Seat_Pilot                                        UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     XNAA_SanTokYai_Dashboard_Pilot                                   UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S1   Display                                           XNAA_SanTokYai_RADR_Display                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 Display_HUD                                      S1                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_cockpit_radar                          S0                                                     XNAA_SanTokYai_RADR_Display                                      DISABLED                                
 Display_HUD                                      S0                                                     Projector_HUD_Generic                                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_self_destruct                           S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_20s                                            Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_avionics                                S1                                                     COMP_BEHR_S01_CSR-RP                                             DISABLED                                
hardpoint_life_support                            S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    LFSP_Scorpius                                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_power_plant_left                        S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AMRS_S01_DynaFlux_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_power_plant_right                       S1   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AMRS_S01_DynaFlux_SCItem                                    Power plants                            
hardpoint_battery                                 S1   Battery.UNDEFINED                                 BATT_AMRS_S01_FortCell                                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cooler_left                             S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Polar_SCItem                                       Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right                            S1   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S01_Polar_SCItem                                       Coolers                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_XNAA_SanTokYai                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_shield_generator                        S2   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S02_FullStop_SCItem                                    Shield generators                       
hardpoint_armor                                   S1   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_XNAA_SanTokYai                                              Armor                                   
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_XNAA_SanTokYai                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_scanner                                 S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_ping                                    S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_main_thruster_top_left                  S3   MainThruster.JointThruster                        XNAA_SanTokYai_Thruster_Main                                     Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_main_thruster_top_right                 S3   MainThruster.JointThruster                        XNAA_SanTokYai_Thruster_Main                                     Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_main_thruster_bottom_left               S3   MainThruster.JointThruster                        XNAA_SanTokYai_Thruster_Main_Bottom                              Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_main_thruster_bottom_right              S3   MainThruster.JointThruster                        XNAA_SanTokYai_Thruster_Main_Bottom                              Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_mav_thruster_forward_left               S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XNAA_SanTokYai_Thruster_Mav_Retro                                Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_mav_thruster_forward_right              S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XNAA_SanTokYai_Thruster_Mav_Retro                                Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_mav_thruster_leftward_rear              S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XNAA_SanTokYai_Thruster_Mav                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_rightward_rear             S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XNAA_SanTokYai_Thruster_Mav                                      Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_rightward_front            S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XNAA_SanTokYai_Thruster_Mav_02_Right                             Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_leftward_front             S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XNAA_SanTokYai_Thruster_Mav_02_Left                              Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_backward_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XNAA_SanTokYai_Thruster_Mav_Main                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_backward_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XNAA_SanTokYai_Thruster_Mav_Main                                 Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_downward_front             S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XNAA_SanTokYai_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_downward_rear              S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XNAA_SanTokYai_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_upward_front               S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XNAA_SanTokYai_Thruster_Mav_Top                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_upward_rear                S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XNAA_SanTokYai_Thruster_Mav_Top                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_upward_left                S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XNAA_SanTokYai_Thruster_Mav_Top                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_downward_left              S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XNAA_SanTokYai_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_downward_right             S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XNAA_SanTokYai_Thruster_Mav_Bottom                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_mav_thruster_upward_right               S1   ManneuverThruster.FlexThruster                    XNAA_SanTokYai_Thruster_Mav_Top                                  Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_XNAA_SanTokYai                                              Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S1   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_XNAA_SanTokYai                                              Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank                               S1   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_XNAA_SanTokYai                                              Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S1   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_WETK_S01_Beacon_SCItem                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_Jump_Drive                             S1   JumpDrive.JumpDrive                                                                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S1   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_XNAA_SanTokYai                                              Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_jump_drive                              S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_top_left                         S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon                                 S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_top_right                        S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon                                 S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_bottom_left                      S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon                                 S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_weapon_bottom_right                     S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon                                 S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_countermeasures_left                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            XNAA_SanTokYai_CML_Flare                                         Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_right                   S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            XNAA_SanTokYai_CML_Chaff                                         Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                     Controller_Missile_SanTokYai                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_missile_rack_bottom_left                S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_XNAA_SanTokYai                                          Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_rack_top_left                   S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_XNAA_SanTokYai                                          Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_rack_top_right                  S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_XNAA_SanTokYai                                          Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_missile_rack_bottom_right               S3   MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S03_XNAA_SanTokYai                                          Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2   Missile.Missile                                   MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
 missile_02_attach                                S2                                                     MISL_S02_CS_FSKI_Tempest                                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_weapon_regen_pool                       S0   WeaponGun.Gun                                                                                                      Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_controller_capacitor_assignment         S0                                                     Controller_CapacitorAssignment                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_fuel                         S0                                                     Controller_Fuel                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_fuel_port                               S1   DockingCollar.UNDEFINED                           DockingTube_Fuel_Ports_XNAA_SanTokYai                            UNKNOWN                                 
 itemport_vehicle_attach                          S8   NOITEM_Vehicle                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_air_traffic_controller                  S0                                                     XNAA_SanTokYai_ShipATCDataManager                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_ground_refuel                           S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    XNAA_SanTokYai_Ground_Refueling_Port                             Doors                                   
landingpad_helper                                 S1   LandingSystem.UNDEFINED                           Default_LandingSystem                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_nacelle_left                S0                                                     XNAA_SanTokYai_SeatAccess_Nacelle_Left                           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_nacelle_right               S0                                                     XNAA_SanTokYai_SeatAccess_Nacelle_Right                          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_access_tail                        S0                                                     XNAA_SanTokYai_SeatAccess_Tail                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_01                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_XNAA_SanTokYai                                       Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_weapon_rack_02                          S1   WeaponGun.Gun                                     Weapon_Rack_XNAA_SanTokYai                                       Weapon hardpoints                       
 $IP_rifle_01                                     S4   WeaponPersonal                                                                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_gills_left                              S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    XNAA_SanTokYai_Gills                                             UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_gills_right                             S1   Misc.UNDEFINED                                    XNAA_SanTokYai_Gills_Right                                       UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cockpit_flair                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                

